README.md, before:

# <img align="left" width="45" height="45" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1610100/201473670-e0e6bdeb-742f-4be1-a47a-3506309620a3.png"> GitHub Organization: osinfra.io

**[GitHub Actions](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/actions):**

[![Dependabot](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/actions/workflows/dependabot.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/actions/workflows/dependabot.yml)

**[Bridgecrew](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/projects?types=Passed&repository=osinfra-io%2Fgithub-organization-management&branch=main):**

[![Infrastructure Tests](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/general)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=osinfra-io%2Fgithub-organization-management&benchmark=INFRASTRUCTURE+SECURITY)

This repository is an example of a collection of sensible defaults for managing your GitHub organization using [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io), concepts from [Team Topologies](https://teamtopologies.com/), and practices learned from software development.

## <img align="left" width="35" height="35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1610100/209340481-2a74c148-f10d-4192-8eae-c88645663824.png"> Team Topologies

Simple but comprehensive information for the platform provides a single point of entry for anyone wanting to know more about the services, report an issue or find out the current status, roadmap, and so on. - [Team Topologies: Thin Platform Template](https://github.com/TeamTopologies/Thin-Platform-template)

### Services documentation

- [docs.osinfra.io](https://docs.osinfra.io/github/organization-management)

### Service interfaces

- `github_membership` service interface: [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=github-membership.yml&title=Membership+Request)
- `github_repository` service interface: [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=github-repository.yml&title=Repositoy+Request)

### Response times

- Responsible team: [GitHub Platform Team](https://github.com/orgs/osinfra-io/teams/github-platform-team)
- Response time for incidents: `60 minutes`
- Response time for other incidents: `120 minutes`
- Response time for support:  `60 minutes`
- Response time for feedback: `30 minutes`

### Roadmap

- Link to roadmap: [GitHub Project](https://github.com/orgs/osinfra-io/projects/5/views/1)

### Communication channels

#### To report a possible incident

Contact exclusively via:

- Google Chat: [GitHub](https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAPvNvpeM?cls=7)
- Phone number:

#### To ask for support or provide feedback

Contact via any of these:

- Google Chat: [GitHub](https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAPvNvpeM?cls=7)
- Email address: [github-platform-team@osinfra.io](mailto:github-platform-team@osinfra.io)
- Phone number:
- Office hours (EST): `Weekdays 5:00 PM - 10:00 PM` `Weekends 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM`

## <img align="left" width="35" height="35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1610100/209029142-410349b7-4b22-40a9-9d4d-729f07e2b4a2.png"> Development

Open Source Infrastructure (as code) is a development model for infrastructure that focuses on open collaboration applying relative lessons learned from software development practices that organizations can use internally at scale. - [Open Source Infrastructure (as Code)](https://www.osinfra.io)

To avoid slowing down [stream-aligned](https://teamtopologies.com/key-concepts) teams, we want to open up the possibility for contributions. The Open Source Infrastructure (as Code) model allows team members external to the platform team to contribute with only a slight increase in cognitive load. This section is for developers who want to contribute to this repository describing the tools used, the skills, and the knowledge required, along with Terraform documentation.

See the documentation for setting up a local development environment [here](https://docs.osinfra.io/development-setup).

Tools in use:

- [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov)
- [pre-commit](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
- [pre-commit-terraform](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform)
- [terraform-docs](https://github.com/terraform-docs/terraform-docs)

## Skills and Knowledge

Links to documentation and other resources required to develop and iterate in this repository successfully.

- [Encrypted secrets for an organization](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-organization)
- [Branch protection rules](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/about-protected-branchess)
- [Organization membership](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-membership-in-your-organization)
- [Repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/about-repositories)

## Terraform documentation
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
### Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_github"></a> [github](#provider_github) | 5.12.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider_random) | 3.4.3 |

### Modules

No modules.

### Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [github_actions_organization_secret.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/actions_organization_secret) | resource |
| [github_branch_protection.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/branch_protection) | resource |
| [github_membership.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/membership) | resource |
| [github_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/repository) | resource |
| [github_team.children](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team) | resource |
| [github_team.parents](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team) | resource |
| [github_team_members.children](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_members) | resource |
| [github_team_members.parents](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_members) | resource |
| [github_team_repository.children](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_repository) | resource |
| [github_team_repository.parents](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_repository) | resource |
| [github_team_settings.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_settings) | resource |
| [random_password.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/password) | resource |

### Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_admins"></a> [admins](#input_admins) | A set of admins to add to the organization | `set(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_github_token"></a> [github_token](#input_github_token) | The GitHub token used for managing the organization | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_organization_secrets"></a> [organization_secrets](#input_organization_secrets) | Map of secrets to add to the organization | <pre>map(object({<br>    description = string<br>    visibility  = string<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repositories"></a> [repositories](#input_repositories) | Map of repositories to create | <pre>map(object({<br>    description              = string<br>    enable_branch_protection = optional(bool, true)<br>    template                 = optional(string)<br>    topics                   = optional(list(string))<br><br>    # In most cases, the visibility of your organizations repository should be private.<br>    # However, we are keeping our code public to encourage others to learn from our work.<br><br>    visibility = optional(string, "public")<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_team_children"></a> [team_children](#input_team_children) | Map of child teams to create | <pre>map(object({<br>    description     = string<br>    maintainers     = optional(set(string), [])<br>    members         = optional(set(string), [])<br>    permission      = optional(string, null)<br>    parent_team_key = string<br>    repositories    = optional(set(string), [])<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_team_parents"></a> [team_parents](#input_team_parents) | Map of parent teams to create | <pre>map(object({<br>    description               = string<br>    maintainers               = optional(set(string), [])<br>    members                   = optional(set(string), [])<br>    permission                = optional(string, null)<br>    privacy                   = optional(string, "closed")<br>    repositories              = optional(set(string), [])<br>    review_request_delegation = optional(bool, false)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_members"></a> [members](#input_members) | A set of members to add to the organization | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |

### Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Support for github_organization_settings (#47)

README.md, after:

# <img align="left" width="45" height="45" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1610100/201473670-e0e6bdeb-742f-4be1-a47a-3506309620a3.png"> GitHub Organization: osinfra.io

**[GitHub Actions](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/actions):**

[![Dependabot](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/actions/workflows/dependabot.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/actions/workflows/dependabot.yml)

**[Bridgecrew](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/projects?types=Passed&repository=osinfra-io%2Fgithub-organization-management&branch=main):**

[![Infrastructure Tests](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/badges/github/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/general)](https://www.bridgecrew.cloud/link/badge?vcs=github&fullRepo=osinfra-io%2Fgithub-organization-management&benchmark=INFRASTRUCTURE+SECURITY)

This repository is an example of a collection of sensible defaults for managing your GitHub organization using [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io), concepts from [Team Topologies](https://teamtopologies.com/), and practices learned from software development.

## <img align="left" width="35" height="35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1610100/209340481-2a74c148-f10d-4192-8eae-c88645663824.png"> Team Topologies

Simple but comprehensive information for the platform provides a single point of entry for anyone wanting to know more about the services, report an issue or find out the current status, roadmap, and so on. - [Team Topologies: Thin Platform Template](https://github.com/TeamTopologies/Thin-Platform-template)

### Services documentation

- [docs.osinfra.io](https://docs.osinfra.io/github/organization-management)

### Service interfaces

- `github_membership` service interface: [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=github-membership.yml&title=Membership+Request)
- `github_repository` service interface: [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/osinfra-io/github-organization-management/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=github-repository.yml&title=Repositoy+Request)

### Response times

- Responsible team: [GitHub Platform Team](https://github.com/orgs/osinfra-io/teams/github-platform-team)
- Response time for incidents: `60 minutes`
- Response time for other incidents: `120 minutes`
- Response time for support:  `60 minutes`
- Response time for feedback: `30 minutes`

### Roadmap

- Link to roadmap: [GitHub Project](https://github.com/orgs/osinfra-io/projects/5/views/1)

### Communication channels

#### To report a possible incident

Contact exclusively via:

- Google Chat: [GitHub](https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAPvNvpeM?cls=7)
- Phone number:

#### To ask for support or provide feedback

Contact via any of these:

- Google Chat: [GitHub](https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAPvNvpeM?cls=7)
- Email address: [github-platform-team@osinfra.io](mailto:github-platform-team@osinfra.io)
- Phone number:
- Office hours (EST): `Weekdays 5:00 PM - 10:00 PM` `Weekends 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM`

## <img align="left" width="35" height="35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1610100/209029142-410349b7-4b22-40a9-9d4d-729f07e2b4a2.png"> Development

Open Source Infrastructure (as code) is a development model for infrastructure that focuses on open collaboration applying relative lessons learned from software development practices that organizations can use internally at scale. - [Open Source Infrastructure (as Code)](https://www.osinfra.io)

To avoid slowing down [stream-aligned](https://teamtopologies.com/key-concepts) teams, we want to open up the possibility for contributions. The Open Source Infrastructure (as Code) model allows team members external to the platform team to contribute with only a slight increase in cognitive load. This section is for developers who want to contribute to this repository describing the tools used, the skills, and the knowledge required, along with Terraform documentation.

See the documentation for setting up a local development environment [here](https://docs.osinfra.io/development-setup).

Tools in use:

- [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov)
- [pre-commit](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
- [pre-commit-terraform](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform)
- [terraform-docs](https://github.com/terraform-docs/terraform-docs)

## Skills and Knowledge

Links to documentation and other resources required to develop and iterate in this repository successfully.

- [Encrypted secrets for an organization](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-organization)
- [Branch protection rules](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/about-protected-branchess)
- [Organization membership](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-membership-in-your-organization)
- [Repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/about-repositories)

## Terraform documentation
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
### Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_github"></a> [github](#provider_github) | 5.12.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider_random) | 3.4.3 |

### Modules

No modules.

### Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [github_actions_organization_secret.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/actions_organization_secret) | resource |
| [github_branch_protection.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/branch_protection) | resource |
| [github_membership.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/membership) | resource |
| [github_organization_settings.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/organization_settings) | resource |
| [github_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/repository) | resource |
| [github_team.children](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team) | resource |
| [github_team.parents](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team) | resource |
| [github_team_members.children](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_members) | resource |
| [github_team_members.parents](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_members) | resource |
| [github_team_repository.children](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_repository) | resource |
| [github_team_repository.parents](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_repository) | resource |
| [github_team_settings.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/team_settings) | resource |
| [random_password.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/password) | resource |

### Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_admins"></a> [admins](#input_admins) | A set of admins to add to the organization | `set(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_billing_email"></a> [billing_email](#input_billing_email) | The billing email address for the organization | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_github_token"></a> [github_token](#input_github_token) | The GitHub token used for managing the organization | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_organization_secrets"></a> [organization_secrets](#input_organization_secrets) | Map of secrets to add to the organization | <pre>map(object({<br>    description = string<br>    visibility  = string<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repositories"></a> [repositories](#input_repositories) | Map of repositories to create | <pre>map(object({<br>    description              = string<br>    enable_branch_protection = optional(bool, true)<br>    template                 = optional(string)<br>    topics                   = optional(list(string))<br><br>    # In most cases, the visibility of your organizations repository should be private.<br>    # However, we are keeping our code public to encourage others to learn from our work.<br><br>    visibility = optional(string, "public")<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_team_children"></a> [team_children](#input_team_children) | Map of child teams to create | <pre>map(object({<br>    description     = string<br>    maintainers     = optional(set(string), [])<br>    members         = optional(set(string), [])<br>    permission      = optional(string, null)<br>    parent_team_key = string<br>    repositories    = optional(set(string), [])<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_team_parents"></a> [team_parents](#input_team_parents) | Map of parent teams to create | <pre>map(object({<br>    description               = string<br>    maintainers               = optional(set(string), [])<br>    members                   = optional(set(string), [])<br>    permission                = optional(string, null)<br>    privacy                   = optional(string, "closed")<br>    repositories              = optional(set(string), [])<br>    review_request_delegation = optional(bool, false)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_members"></a> [members](#input_members) | A set of members to add to the organization | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |

### Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
